this series 1 EB is a harmless little
sleeper
my name's where's this in my series 1e
be ephemeral
I chose the eb over other models like
the EF l I just like the square aligns a
bit better a little bit old a little bit
cheaper when I was looking around - but
no it's I think a lot neater then the
later model E Series fountain there
feels and drives on the road just much
like a regular be a falcon
in spite of how good it looks it hasn't
had a lot of rain spent on it but it
still makes its owner wears very happy
very happy with the car my family seen
it or seen it since I've had it they've
seen it progressed through being silver
to now the blue print it was a little
bit neglected X company car had fairly
low Kay's for company car interior was
nicely paint job was a bit good fading
in some places after a repair but it was
very nice to drive and I fell in love
with it as soon as I drove it on the
outside Westers had the standard panel
straightened out and coated in Ford
blueprint to that he has added a
scorcher body kit al door handles
ET grill extensive color coding tinted
windows and GTP rims with each series
offset it's taken me a long time to
build to this stage I've had it there
six years and I've been building it ever
since I've had it started off with an
exhaust system lowered mags and body kit
paint job and then just everything that
you see on the car now the fairmont
interior has been spec to series to gala
leather trim and electric windows for
the tunes Wes has added an mp3 head unit
four inch front splits six by nine rears
and a 12 inch subwoofer housed in a
custom box yes I was am brought up as a
car freak thanks dad
when I was a baby he had an X W phase
two GT so the Ford man but through that
he's always had a v8 what makes this
Ford special is under the bonnet to the
completely stock five litre Windsor v8
where's is that in an X are six turbos
garrett GT 35-40 hairdryer it sounds
simple but the fitment hasn't been
without its problems some of the
problems I had with this car when
fitting the turbo was the engine mounted
failed which I didn't realize I didn't
really have enough
make the injured man move but to fit the
turbo need the Internet's correct height
the gearbox played up struggle with limp
mode for a while and knew someone words
fitted and it's going like a dream now
the rear suspension the bushes basically
fell out there just couldn't handle it
so I've got all your bushes in the rear
end now and the suspension was a little
bit soft in the back end so now I
stiffen it up and so I can handle the
power
the hardest thing building the car was
definitely fitting the turbo the kit was
made by Mike Steiner tuning down in
Melbourne and I bought it secondhand off
smash car putting it back together it
was a very tight fit but still easy to
change the spark plugs
where's hasn't neglected the safety with
Bendix pads all round and slotted disks
up front all the brushes have been
replaced with null tech items and the
e-beam now rides on super low front and
ultra low release brings you drive to
yourself come back every day and on the
highway to dream to drive but put your
foot into it and go
my future plans for this car is just to
get it 100% reliable on the road so you
can drive it anywhere no worries I
haven't had any problems with it so far
but I just want to get a full piece here
tuned and parents helped me out along
the way my brothers have helped me out
both my brothers and Friends are pretty
happy too
you know I get driven around in it
because it's just so different we've
such a sweet and classy end result we
certainly understand why